sim167B  Evolution of Sociality.

- sim167 is similar to sim166, but with modifications to let the
  subpopulations start from more appropriate launch points. The run
  simulated subpopulations separately for 5000 cycles under one of the 3
  sharing regimes.  After 5000 cycles, the resulting state is stored as
  a 'stable' population under the regime.  3 of each type of
  subpopulation were jointed together to make the starting population
  for the simulation. Mutations which accumulate in forming the
  initial launch populations remain and are present at launch time.

- 9 groups of 3 types are simulated in parallel. Groups operate
  according to Maternal, K5, or 50/50 sharing regimes and are
  independent except for their mutual influence on density; there is
  no inter-group cooperation or sharing and kin boundaries do not
  cross group boundaries.  Each group only associates with its own
  kind.  Density depends on total consumption of the
  populations, as was first simulated in sim163.


- Ron's new measure of density would be E/TotC where TotC is total of
  all consumption in the entire population. "This is better because it
  says that the more energy is extracted from the environment the more
  difficult it is to extract more [decreasing marginal returns].
  Simply counting people in the total population and basing density on
  that measure gives the same weight to infants and prime age adults,
  which cannot be correct" (4/11/2007).

- new mortality formulation: 
   adjust.hx <- (gene.risk*lethality + epsilon) * sharing.gamma^(e.mortality) ;

- kinship sharing is based on kinship5.id 
- no dispersal

- fission / Using Tim's odd/even split, keeping kin5 together
   (TMpkin5).   All fissioned groups retain their subpopulation membership.

- fusion. Uses Tim's  algorithm which splits small groups into two
   classes and then combines members from each class.   Only groups
   within the same subpopulation are combined with each other.

- kinship ids.  There are 4 measures of relatedness which are
  presented. Tim's measurement (anc), and 3 variants of Carl's
  (kinship3.id, kinship4.id, kinship5.id) which look backwards 3,4,5
  generations in their determination of what constitutes 'kin'.  This
  is presented in the 1st plot of sim.pdf Tim's measure and kin3
  almost completely coincide after some initial differences. Going
  back an extra generation increases the average group size by a bit
  less than 1.  Only kin5 is calculated and used here.

- gamma.kin contributes to gamma.sharing in the K5 and 50/50 group
  types. The component is calculated (based on kinship5) and its age
  profile is presented in the final plot.


